Promote the `mo-dev` workflow in other projects. (#141)
dfinity/feedback: README.md

This project is hosted on-chain and is available at [dx.internetcomputer.org](https://dx.internetcomputer.org).

> ## As an example project and workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Design Goal
```

> ## As an example project and workflow
> 
> In addition to running as a useful service, this project gives an example "full stack Dapp" with a "live development" workflow.
> 
> Related projects:
> 
> 1. [Motoko Dev Server](https://github.com/dfinity/motoko-dev-server) provides the live workflow.
> 2. [Vite + React + Motoko: a minimal starter example](https://github.com/rvanasa/vite-react-motoko) gives an essential distillation of using this workflow in a new project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## As an example project and workflow

In addition to running as a real-world service, this project is designed to be an ideal starting point for building a full-stack Motoko dapp with a [live reload](https://blog.logrocket.com/complete-guide-full-stack-live-reload/) workflow.

**Related projects:**

1. [`mo-dev`](https://github.com/dfinity/motoko-dev-server) provides live reloading for Motoko canisters.
2. [Vite + React + Motoko](https://github.com/rvanasa/vite-react-motoko) is a beginner-friendly starter project based on this repository.
```

> 2. [Vite + React + Motoko](https://github.com/rvanasa/vite-react-motoko) is a beginner-friendly starter project based on this repository.

Reviewer: Quickly adjusting this for correctness:

```suggestion
2. [Vite + React + Motoko](https://github.com/rvanasa/vite-react-motoko) is a beginner-friendly starter project that was originally used for this repository.
```
